feat(config): managerFilePatterns (#34615)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/helm-values/readme.md

> Renovate supports updating of Docker dependencies within Helm Chart `values.yaml` files or other YAML files that use the same format (via `filePatterns` configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate supports updating Docker dependencies:

- Inside Helm Chart `values.yaml` files
- Inside other YAML files, but only if those files use the Helm Chart format, _and_ you have told Renovate how to find the other YAML files (with the `filePatterns` config option)
```

> Updates are performed if the files follow the conventional format used in most of the Helm charts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate only updates files that follow the conventions (or "rules) of  a Helm Chart.
This example Helm chart follows the rules, so Renovate will know how to update it:
```
